Created recipe for bean bowl (#87)
cr-workshop-exercises/centralized-workflow-exercise: mains/bean-bowl.md

# Bean bowl recipe

## Ingredients

- **3** tortillas
- **1** tin of kidney beans
- **1** tin of butter beans
- **1 tbsp** tomato paste
- **2 cups** shredded mozzarella cheese
- **1 tbsp** sour cream
- **1** red bell pepper, diced
- **1** small onion, diced
- **2-3 cloves** garlic, minced
- **1 tablespoon** olive oil
- **Salt and pepper** to taste

## Instructions

1. **Preheat Oven:**
   - Preheat your oven to 375°F (190°C).

2. ** Prepare tortillas**
   - Drizzle tortillas in oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Put in oven.

3. **Prepare Vegetables:**
   - Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic, sautéing until softened.

>    - Add the bell pepper. Cook for 50 minutes.

Author: ```suggestion
   - Add the bell pepper. Cook for 5 minutes.
```

4. **Add beans**
   - Drain and rinse beans. Add to pan with vegetables.

5. **Season and mash**
   - Add salt and pepper, then lightly mash.

6. **Serve**

>    - Serve with cooked tortillas, a doll of sour cream and srinkled with cheese.

Reviewer: A little typo: Change srinkled to sprinkled

Author: Thank you!

>    - Serve with cooked tortillas, a doll of sour cream and srinkled with cheese.

Author: ```suggestion
   - Serve with cooked tortillas, a dollop of sour cream and sprinkled with cheese.
```
